---
title: Weird Age
author: Colin
layout: post
# permalink: /2007/11/26/weird-age/
categories:
  - Rants and Raves
---
*Warning: Ideas expressed a million times over by a million other people appear on in this post!*

This is a very weird age to be. By that I mean that being post-college, pre-family (or pre-life, really) is a weird place to be. We&#8217;ve spent all of this time being told we should go to school for education and experience to prepare us for life and while it has helped prepare us in so many ways, there&#8217;s no real way to prepare for the void many people find themselves in post-college, pre-life. I said pre-family before, because I suppose that&#8217;s what I think I&#8217;d like to get to, but it&#8217;s not everyone&#8217;s bag, so whatev.

It&#8217;s that weirdness, though, that I&#8217;ve been feeling and writing a lot about, lately. There&#8217;s this urge I have to go do something totally great and unexpected and wild, but there&#8217;s this tether inside me that wants to avoid rocking the boat or straying from this course I&#8217;ve been set on my entire life. The real glitch is that I&#8217;m realizing more and more these days that course is all unchartered for the time and place in my life where I currently am. So it goes.

That&#8217;s where life takes over in most incredible stories and that&#8217;s where I have to allow it to take over by trying new things and exploring my desires without the tether, I think. We&#8217;ll see.

That&#8217;s the mentality that&#8217;s been going into things like &#8220;[I Don&#8217;t Have Friends][1].&#8221; Some mentality where I&#8217;m realizing it&#8217;s okay to not be happy all of the time, so long as you realize it and personally enact some change to improve that state.

Having *something *exciting going in one&#8217;s life can go a long way towards this cause. What I need to do is find some thing, some place, or some person in my life that will make days exciting &#8212; or at least keep me going. It&#8217;s not all on that thing, place, or person, not at all. It&#8217;s more on me to find and nurture whatever it is I find that keeps me excited so I can keep going.

And that, my friends, is life. Fickle broad.

<span class='st\_facebook\_buttons' st\_title='Weird Age' st\_url='http://mccolin.com/2007/11/26/weird-age/' displayText='share'></span><span class='st\_twitter\_buttons' st\_title='Weird Age' st\_url='http://mccolin.com/2007/11/26/weird-age/' displayText='share'></span><span class='st\_gbuzz\_buttons' st\_title='Weird Age' st\_url='http://mccolin.com/2007/11/26/weird-age/' displayText='share'></span>

 [1]: http://colinmccloskey.com/blog/2007/11/05/i-dont-have-friends/ "Blog entry: I Don't Have Friends"